### Question

As I mentioned last week, I do not feel like the plots of mean catch over MSY convey a lot of information.  I think it would be more useful to compare the catch advise coming out of the EBMs with the true catch advise based on the biomass in a given year.  I think that is a more useful plot to evaluate how well an IBM performs.  It might look very similar to the F/Fmsy plot and would not be useful, but I am curious.  This would lend itself to a time-series plot which would likely look very messy.  The mean over the time series might work.

### Response

I created a simple example in demonstrations/chris/compare_C_F_ratios in the GitHub repository. Briefly, I examined how two catch ratios compare to the true F ratio (F/Fmsy) for a range of F and population sizes. The plot shows 9 different F values in the nine panels, the x axis shows a range of population biomasses, and the y axis shows the ratios for the three metrics. Cratio1 is the current way we are showing catch/msy. It uses a constant MSY based on the true Fmsy and population at MSY (when W=100 in this case). Cratio2 is your proposed approach that computes catch in the year divided by the catch that would have occurred if the population was fished at Fmsy. In this example Fmsy = 0.3, so the three ratios are exactly equal in the top right panel when W = 100. Cratio1 is clearly plotting something different from the other 2 metrics, showing catch well above or below MSY depending on the population size across all F values. In constrast, Cratio2 and Fratio are both independent of the population size. As F gets big, there is a gap between Cratio2 and Fratio, but this difference is quite small compared to the changes seen in Cratio1. My conclusion from this exploration is that Cratio2 is not worth computing because it is so similar to Fratio (which we already have). But I welcome your thoughts.
